What to do from here, well,
definitely take the next course,
which will be full stack V2.
And then following sometime later, we'll
have update to the production course when
some of the more production
things get standardized.
But until then, I highly recommend
checking out beta.nextjs.org,
which is the documentation for Next.js 13.
It doesn't show you pretty much
everything that I talked about here,
but it tells you the why behind it.
I've learned so much about React and
then tensions behind the creators and
what they do with this app directory.
Well, with server components and
client components, the philosophy,
different mindsets,
just from reading this documentation.
So, I highly recommend going here.
And you can see on the left,
some things that are grayed out that
they haven't figured out yet, right?
Cuz it's still kinda in beta,
for instance, deployment.
It's kinda like it works, but we don't
know a way to recommend it to you yet.
And different things like I talked
about the template and I was like,
don't really use it.
That's why [LAUGH] in all different
types of things like accessibility,
AMP, CMS Forms, MDX, SEO,
it's all you can use it.
They just don't have opinions
they fall in love with so
hard that they recommend it to you yet.
But you can still do this stuff yourself,
you don't have to wait for
someone to give you the way to do it.
You can just do it yourself and
whatever works for you works.
But I still highly recommend
checking this out.
If you go to the one page
specifically on here which is,
if you click on the app directory roadmap,
it talks about all the features
that were added and from what.
And so you can see all these server
components that came from React 18,
client components React 18,
shared components?
What's that?
It's work in progress, I don't know,
it's gonna get crazy.
Streaming, suspense, all these stuff.
So you can just click on each one of these
to get a instant rundown on which each one
of these are, and where they are.
If they were implemented, for instance,
this was not implemented in React,
so they can't use it yet.
Cache only in server components so
you can kind of see that's
a really good reference.
And you just click on
each one of these and
it'll take you to the section
that talks about it.
So everything that I've talked about
today, this is the appendix for it.
I highly recommend checking it
out as a reference to get going.
And then from there, if you follow along
on this app, I know I went super fast.
But I highly recommend just
trying to just build something,
you don't have to use real stuff.
The full stack course,
if you take that, we'll do that, but
just try to get a little
more familiar with it.
Try to break it, try to see what
happens if you do this, if you do that.
That's actually gonna help you
when you try to break things.
Cuz it helps you understand what
this framework is trying to do,
what the intentions of the framework are.
And that's usually how I learn, I go in
and just poke it until it's like, stop.
It screams at me and I'm like, okay,
that's how you work, I got it.
Cuz sometimes it's just,
who wants to read source code all day?
You can just poke this thing
until it screams at you.
So that's kinda how I work.
So that's my recommendation, and then
just stay up-to-date on what's coming.
Vercel, the company behind it,
tweets a lot of stuff.
They have a really great DevApps or
developer relationship team that tweets
about this stuff all the time,
so check them out.
>> But yeah, I would say those
will be the next steps for
the ambitious folks who are looking
to get a leg up on Next.js.
>> Thank you.
>> [APPLAUSE]